{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww25600\viewh20220\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 CESM RESULTS
\b0 \
\
The R scripts in this folder were used to extract and plot iESM results. \
\
The plot_*.r scripts use raw CESM output, saved in the atm/hist or lnd/hist, folders and aggregated to global annual values for carbon and climate variables. Alan Di Vittorio generated the original scripts and Kate Calvin modified them to include NPP variables and work with our iESM output. There are two versions of each script, tailored to work on NERSC and PIC. The NERSC scripts are used to extract the Coupled45 and Uncoupled45 results in the m1204 project directory. The PIC scripts are used to extract the Coupled85 and Uncoupled85 results in the IESM project directory.\
\
The cesm_* scripts plot maps from CESM output, as processed by the LMWG diagnostic package. The results of this package are stored on PIC for all four runs. These scripts plot maps from those results and are tailored to run on PIC. They work with R version 3.2.3.\
\

\b GCAM RESULTS
\b0 \
\
The xml file in this folder is a batch query used to extract the GCAM data needed for this paper. The GCAM xml databases are stored in: /pic/projects/iESM/gcam_results. To reproduce the csv files used in this system, you will need to add these xml files to an XML database and then run the batch query on the database.\
\
}